Include rmeta candidates in "multiple matching crates" error (#89587)
rust-lang/rust: compiler/rustc_error_codes/src/error_codes/E0464.md

The compiler was unable to determine which version of a crate dependency should
be used, due to multiple potential versions being available.

For example, this error can occur if you import a crate named `dependency`, but
you specify multiple crates with the name `dependency` in your `Cargo.toml`. Or,
if you're not using Cargo, this error can occur if you pass multiple `--extern`

> flags for different versions of a crate library file.

Author: Is this part correct? I feel unsure about when exactly this error occurs and what the cause is. \[Which is why I'm adding an explanation ;)\]

Author: Would the following be a more accurate description? Let me know if anything is incorrect in the current version or the suggested version :)

```suggestion
The compiler found multiple library files with the requested crate name.

For example, this error can occur if you import a crate named `dependency`, but
you specify multiple crates with the name `dependency` in your `Cargo.toml`. Or,
if you're not using Cargo, this error can occur if you pass multiple `--extern`
flags where the library files have the same crate name (not the same as the
filename).
```
